# Code/Full_systems/Selfies_Mol/Multitask_Classifier/Models folder

This folder contains the trained multitask classifier models and their summary.

Every folder contains a different model. Each folder contains the following files and folders:
- `<model name>_<dataset size>` contains the model and the training and evaluation results for the given dataset size (100 for 100% of the selected dataset). Only 100% for the current version of the code. The following items are the contents of this folder
- a folder containing the pretrained model
- `.done` indicating that the training and evaluation have succesfully finished. If you delete this marker, the model might won't appear in the global summary and might be overwritten
- `selfies_group_dict_<model name>.json` contains the encoding index of the SELFIES parts
- `<model name>_<dataset size>_evaluations.json` contains the evaluation results of the model
- `<model name>_<dataset size>_parameters.json` contains the hyperparameters of the model
- `<model name>_<dataset size>_predictions.csv` contains all the predictions of the model on the test set
- `<model name>_<dataset size>_summary.txt` contains a summary of the model

There are a few example models in the folder. The models were trained on the NIST dataset with 100% of the data. Due to the commercial nature of the dataset, the trained models and any other related data to the dataset are not included in the repository. However the evaluation metrics and other informations about the models are included, so they can be reproduced with the same dataset.

## Files:
- `global_summary.csv` contains a summary of the models trained. It is generated by the `global_summary_creator.ipynb` notebook in the `Utils` folder. The notebook needs to be run in order to update the summary.

